add infrastructure folder for espace (#303)
Conflux-Chain/conflux-documentation: docs/espace/build/infrastructure/oracles.md

---
sidebar_position: 3
title: Oracles
displayed_sidebar: eSpaceSidebar
---

> Oracles are data feeds that make off-chain data sources available to the blockchain for smart contracts. This is necessary because Ethereum-based smart contracts cannot, by default, access information stored outside the blockchain network. To learn more about oracles in [Ethereum's Oracle documentation](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Oracles are data feeds that enable smart contracts on the blockchain to access off-chain data sources. This functionality is crucial, as Ethereum-based smart contracts are inherently unable to access information stored outside the blockchain network by default. For further information, you can explore [Ethereum's Oracle documentation](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/oracles/).
```

There are already oracle services available on Conflux eSpace.

## [Pyth](https://pyth.network/)

> Pyth is a famous oracle service in industry, provide **Smarter Data for Smarter Contracts**. It can secure your smart contracts with reliable, low-latency market data from institutional sources. Build apps with high-fidelity oracle feeds designed for mission-critical systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pyth is a renowned oracle service in the industry, offering **Smarter Data for Smarter Contracts**. It ensures the security of your smart contracts by providing reliable, low-latency market data sourced from institutional-grade providers. Developers can build applications utilizing high-fidelity oracle feeds, specifically designed for mission-critical systems.
```
